It's 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and here in Hong Kong. You're watching
the China Show. I'm Annabelle Droolers
with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open of markets in greater China. Let's
get to your top stories today. Stocks
across the Asia-Pacific are frankly
doing nothing. Uh cautious start to the
week dominated by central bank
decisions, including a likely cut from
the Fed. President Trump raising
potential antitrust concerns over the
Netflix Warner Brothers deal, saying
their combined market share could be a
problem. Also ahead, China Japan
tensions ramping up in claims a Chinese
fighter jet locked radar on Japanese
military planes.
>> And further signs of financial stress at
China Bunker as it seeks to delay
repayment of a second local bond.
Good Monday morning. Welcome to the
program. A brief sweep of the still at
up to this point uneventful session
across these markets going into the
Monday open in greater China. As you can
see, the benchmark is trading flat as
with the dollar. Mostly, if I had to
pick out maybe some standouts across
these markets, it would be this pick up
in yields following, I think, the worst
week in several months for US
Treasuries. That's ahead of the Feds.
That's really repricing. Not so much
about this week, but going into uh 2026
and how deep the Fed can actually go
following the largely expected cut this
week. That's one point. Second point is
when you look at commodity markets, so
gold, we've been talking about that all
year. Um, if you've been focused on
gold, you probably ignored silver, which
has actually done better, much better
than gold. Uh, we're seeing a pullback
across most. Copper in focus given the
rally there. We'll look at that. And of
course, the PBOC adding uh perhaps the
arguably the most significant data point
on gold. 13 straight months of net
buying coming through out of the PBOC.
Um, a brief recap of some of the big
moves on Friday, perhaps indicative of
some names to watch. SASA is won 17% in
the US session. IG simply I would just
extrapolate maybe even further based on
the big move we saw there might have to
do somewhat with the Warner Brothers
deal of course it is one of the big
streamers in China uh Bid was up 6% more
on that in a moment uh A50 futures
coming online dollar China we talked
about copper coming up on your screens
92,000 now uh uh the copper contract in
Shanghai data uh trade data is coming
out later today at some point we'll talk
more about the broader trends so we did
see a big pickup up in I think it was
September, modest decline in November
and we are expecting a modest pickup for
the month of November. Yeah, the
previous three months including the one
we're looking at today. There we go.
>> Yeah, but as you said, I mean it's it's
pretty lackluster trading right now and
probably it might stay that way until we
get into the Fed decision this week
because we've got J Pal is widely
expected to cut rates uh to for the last
meeting of the year. I think what's
going to be really interesting though is
we also get the updated economic
projections and the last time we got
those just showed how much division
there was amongst central bankers over
where the neutral rate should actually
be which tells you just it's starting to
get actually quite difficult to sort of
corral everyone and bring the troops
into unison to decide how low or how
much more easing is really needed in the
economy. Yeah, I mean the the I think if
you had to summarize the Fed
conversation this year and I you know
I'm just going to do a 5-second one is
it's the reluctance to cut interest
rates, right? And that underscores the
point that cities joining us uh this
time the next hour that talks about
markets are sleeping on the possibility
of a reaceleration in the US
conversation next year which might mean
people are sleeping on perhaps uh the
risk of a stronger dollar going into
next year. But yes, that's that's the
point. But this week that seems to be a
done deal pretty much.
>> Yeah, I mean you can see there 96%
implied from Fed funds futures. Uh so
that's the Fed story. But I think also
what's going to dominate the discussion
today is going to come down to to
Trump's comments earlier this morning
because uh we've got the possibility of
of Netflix acquiring Warner Brothers.
It's a deal that values the company at
north of $80 billion. It's it's it could
be momentous but at the same time
there's sort of been a bit of a push
back from Trump in the last few hours
>> that it's you know the dominant player
will no doubt I think based on what
Donald Trump is saying no doubt that
market share number will likely go up if
this goes through and I think he's also
alluded to alluded to the fact that he
will be personally I think involved in
the decision-m based on what the stories
in fact you know what don't hear from us
let's listen to the president himself
>> yes
>> and he's done one of the greatest jobs
in the history of movies and other
things. He's uh and he's got a lot of
interesting things happening aside from
what you're talking about. But it is a
big market share. There's no question
about it. It could be a problem.
>> Yeah. Okay. So, let me just rephrase
some of that. But it is a big market
share. It could be a problem. And the
president did add that he will
personally be involved in the decision-m
process. I I think just to point out as
well, I mean, this deal does go through.
You're effectively combining the world's
number one streamer with the world's
number four streamer. So clearly there
are thresholds in place of how much
combined share any one entity should
have. The question is, is Netflix going
to be going beyond if it can actually be
allowed to acquire Warner Brothers?
>> And even that that said, it's difficult
to find something good to watch in
Netflix. Anyway, oh that's a different
conversation. Is it too early for this?
Okay. Anyway, uh lots speaking of lots
to watch today if you're maybe stepping
away from Netflix. There's trade numbers
coming out of China today. There we go.
Uh B is a big story and a Reuters
reports of a potential spinning off and
a listing of the chip units. Uh the
company has put out a uh a filing to the
exchange saying effectively it was
mulling uh that spin-off. We talked
about these other things here. Online
healthcare stocks. uh this is on the
back of uh regulators looking at this.
We'll talk more about this because I
would imagine we're going to see market
reaction here and of course Ledger Co of
course coming off uh the elections here
in Hong Kong on on the weekend. There we
go.
>> Yeah, it looks like uh voter turnout
might have been sort of similar to what
we saw back in 2021. It was going to be
something really closely watched. But
we're also watching uh shifting now to
to our top geopolitical story this
morning. This is Japanese defense
stocks. We are seeing these moving to
the upside this morning. that is as
tensions between Japan and also China
have intensified over the weekend. So
the two countries are giving conflicting
accounts of an incident involving
fighter jets near Okinawa. But for the
latest, let's bring in our chief North
Asia correspondent Steven Angel here in
Hong Kong. So Steve, it's it's Yeah,
exactly. I mean, we're getting one
readout from the Japan side, one from
the China side. What do we know so far?
What we do know is there was an
intercept, if you will, uh between uh at
least two F-15 uh joint strike or the
Japanese defense force fighters that
were scrambled when the Chinese aircraft
carrier, the Leoning, was doing training
in international waters south of uh the
you know the further island chain to the
south of Okinawa. uh and essentially
those according to the Japanese readout
is the F-15s uh came to make sure that
the J15s from the Leoning aircraft
carrier did not venture into Japanese
airspace. Right? So again it comes down
to two different interpretations of
intent. Uh the Chinese side it says they
were you know posed grave danger to
their training exercises and got too
close. Uh and then the Japanese are
essentially uh saying that the J the
Chinese were doing the same thing. Let's
get the readout from or actually we have
a sound bite u from Koisuman. These the
defense minister of Japan. This is what
he had to say in his assessment.
This radar illumination was a dangerous
act that exceeded the scope necessary
for the safe flight of aircraft. We find
it extremely regrettable that such an
incident occurred and we lodged a strong
protest with the Chinese side firmly
requesting measures to prevent any
recurrence.
So again these are a bit hotly disputed
waters in the East China Sea anyway but
this was considered in international
waters but it's about the provocative
nature both sides are saying at a time
when you know the tensions are quite
high between the two nations based on
the comments last month by prime
minister Takiichi essentially uh on
Taiwan that they have refused to uh
retract or issue an apology. So again,
this miscalculation or if there was an
accident could elevate the situation
considerably higher. Uh this was at
least two different incidents on
Saturday. Fortunately, no shots were
fired. There were no uh ramifications
beyond the diplomatic fallout. But
again, it's just another example of how
tense the situation is.
>> What's the business and commercial
fallout several weeks from the initial
kicking off of
>> it? So we're getting various reports
that hotel bookings are considerably
down. on the Nik newspaper is saying for
Chinese bookings into Japan are down by
a half. Uh so you have hotel and also
the individual or group travel has
fallen off quite a bit. Individual
travel is a little bit different because
it's much different than the last time
tensions flared similarly between Japan
and China back in 2011 2012. Uh now far
more individual travelers than group
travel. Uh but again there is uh
economic pain points right now. I'll be
in Japan next week. We'll have to see
how that is up in the resort areas of
Hokkaido.
>> Okay, there we go, Steve. Fantastic.
Thank you so much, Stephen Angel, our
chief North Asia uh correspondent there.
Uh to our other top story today, we
talked about two already, Warner uh
Warner Brothers, of course, Japan,
China. We'll now look at the credit
space, high yield credit. We're down
three straight weeks, in fact, when you
look at offshore USD credit here in Hong
Kong. Maybe the core of the issue
perhaps recently is the the updates
around Vancouver. Uh and the now update
here is they're not proposing to delay a
repayment of a second CNY bond. The
latest signal here of mounting
challenges of course for the uh for the
builder. Let's bring in Trista Lua, our
China credit reporter here with us to
take us through the latest on which
specific bond they're talking about here
and why.
>> So uh it's not a surprising move because
like last week Vanc seek to delay the UN
bond payment for the first one, right?
And right right now we are seeking the
we are seeing the second one. I think
it's within uh investors expectation
they will have some kind of similar move
but the next thing we are watching is
about um they are going to hold a bond
holder meetings um on December 10th to
discuss the extension proposal. So we
will wait and see like uh what kind of
this discussion will come out from there
and how much support they can get.
>> Yeah. So that's that's as you said
what's something we watch this week.
Something else that's also been
happening with Vanker is that they
skipped their early redemption option on
a callable bond. Is that significant as
well?
>> I think they break the so previously
they will always redeem uh exercise that
kind of right. Right. But right now
under the financial strain they decided
to skip to exercise that right. So under
this current contest I won't say it's a
surprising move but I think what
investor kely to watch is about uh
coming the December 10th meeting because
last week we reported that some
investors signal to the developer saying
they will oppose to the plant and then
uh the company representative also
saying there's maybe not much room they
can improve the turn. So we need to wait
and see how that kind of you know
negotiation will go.
>> All right, countdown then to December
10, the the meeting then with with the
different bond holders for Vanka. That
was our China credit reporter Trista
Shini Law there. And uh still ahead
we're going to have Axer investment
managers joining us.
>> Yes. Uh the I mean what's left of 2025
and how that informs us of the rest or
the in the fullness of 20 uh 26 17
minutes to the opening bell. The Monday
session is upon us. Cutting down to the
open of trade, Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong, this is the China
show. Good morning to all of you joining
us from the Asia Pacific.
>> Yeah.
>> Welcome back uh and good morning. Thank
you for joining us this Monday. Uh just
a preview of some of the items on this
week's agenda.
I think there's a Fed decision. Yes,
there is. On Wednesday, there's one here
in the region is the uh at least ema
there's Philippines of course and when
you look at what city saying, you look
at candidates for central banks in the
region here that have more scope to
ease. Uh Philippines is one of them. So
Janna Trolo joining us this time in the
next hour. Apart from that, it's really
been a very quiet session so far across
markets on price and also on volume and
also on information flow.
>> Yeah, absolutely. I would uh definitely
agree with that. So, it's a question I
guess is any sort of volatility uh
revive this week with that Fed decision,
but given it's pretty much a done deal,
a lot of question marks I guess around
the signaling though because we get
those updated uh projections as well. So
that could give us some insights into
where the easing path goes for next
year. But let's bring in a Katarina
Bigos. She's CIO of Core Investment Asia
X Japan at Axer Investment Managers. So
a Katarina, yeah, I guess that's sort of
the big the big market focus for this
week is the Fed, but what's your
anticipation and as well what's your
anticipation for how much more easing is
needed from here?
>> Well, I mean I think exactly what you
said and look the the December is well
priced in and I think for the right
reasons whatever people call it the you
know riskmanagement cut or it's in the
data. I mean it's it's not quite
conclusive but I think the what is not a
consensus is what's going to happen in
2026 and I think that's where a lot of
divergence is um you know the weather
forecasts is how the magnitude of those
cuts and by when and how and where is
that kind of neutral rate uh that
markets are seeing it and more important
also a big divergence in inflation
expectations from from some of the
market participants. So the it's not
quite a central consensus if you look at
different forecasts. Uh you know our
view is still that inflation is going to
stay elevated in 2026. But ultimately
the risk of the labor market will be
probably a much bigger incentive for the
Fed decision versus kind of the the
inflation which is deemed by the Fed to
be potentially transitory. Right.
>> It so assuming the Fed cuts this week
and does not at all move next year as a
theoretical uh starting point. What do
you mean what do you think it means for
risk assets next year?
>> Look, I think there is a the the the
story the main story that we're
expecting for 2026 is the broadening of
the market, right? And and if you look
at the midcap, small cap companies, a
lot of them are more reliant on leverage
and the ability to borrow. Uh when you
look at large cap companies is not such
a big issue, right? So I think the
broadening story will probably have a
different narrative if they were not to
cut next year. And again uh the the
consensus is different to how many
magnitude but again the pace of easing
has to maintain in 2026
>> and I think by and large you would think
that by Q1 majority of the banks would
have eased and then we have the second
part of the year where markets are going
to start to think about when they're
going to hike right and I think the
narrative not necessarily I think it's
it's could be kind of a a flatline with
regards to monetary policy as we go in
the second part of the year but it
doesn't mean that the rates are not
going to move. So again the rates
volatility could see uh some level of uh
the movement in in rates could could be
decoupled again from from that pace of
kind of stable pace of let's say
monetary easing.
>> So you're expecting a broadening
but really the narrative this year has
been that tech story. How do you see as
well that shaping up into next year
given that as we end this year it's
certainly a shift that we're seeing from
open AI being seen as the market leader
at least in the US and I know we had the
deepseek shock coming into 2025 as well
but
>> as we finish off it's it's really the
alphabet it's the Gemini story that that
is really saying to drive more of the
narrative. So what does that tell you
about where we go? we got and I think
the ultimate story is that there's not
going to be one leader and I think
that's what market needs to understand
and also leadership is not just out of
one country we're going to see it
obviously we're seeing it from China in
a different it manifests in a different
way but clearly the AI story is not just
a US story uh when it comes to open AI
and obviously alphabet or Google uh we
can see already the implications on the
the infrastructure builders the ones
that are linked to Google have done
better than the one linked to open AI so
market is already pricing in some
element of divergence
uh between those two elements and I
think as we go in 2026 the the the laser
focus is going to be around who is going
to be able to monetize and a lot of
pressure for open AI has been around
monetization ability to justify that
capital uh expenditure that they put in
place uh so far right
>> outside of AI and tech what are you
looking at as far as value goes like the
rest of the equity market what's what's
what's top of mind for you next year
>> well and and I think that's what I
mentioned earlier at the beginning I
think the importance the Fed eases in
2026 uh you know that's the December
potentially maybe two cuts one cut or
two cuts uh I mean some markets expect
three cuts I think this is probably
quite an aggressive side but I think the
the the normalization of the Fed and
providing financial conditions that are
easier it helps a more cyclical company
helps companies that are smaller in size
and I think that's where we going to
watch uh the the broadening away from
the beneficiaries of the AI and the ones
the small companies that already
benefited that were linked to AI when we
look at companies companies that are
potentially out of the spectrum, out of
the scope, but are more linked to to a
kind of recovery in that cycle, re uh
recovery of earning cycle, which again
for small or midcap companies, don't
forget it's been kind of a a cause a
recession in earnings. So, we haven't
seen an earnings recovery that the
K-shaped the K-shaped story and and I'm
wondering what I'm hearing from you is
we keep going back to this point of
cyclicals and rates needing to support
the cyclical story. Is is your
assumption next year the global economy
won't do as well as this year?
>> Uh no, I I think that in fact that
there's there's scope for it to to
surprise upside. There's a lot of
drivers and don't forget I think there's
there's still fiscal stimulus that is
materializing. We've had it in Japan, we
have it in China. Uh we've had it in in
US and don't forget that uh one BBB only
starts to to manifest in January, right?
So you have that upfront expenditure
which which actually impacts a lot of
midsize companies as well as the large
cap companies right so the amount of
support has been put in place in
addition to monetary policy that again
is not just the Fed we have emerging
markets that are easing uh exception of
Japan which is obviously going in the
other direction we have a fairly
constructive I would say fiscal and and
monetary but again onto the end tail of
it again we're going to see probably
less of monetary uh into second part of
the year and certainly fiscal
less room. But coming into the year, we
have good catalysts that could surprise
an upside in terms of that growth story.
>> What about China stocks? Because across
Wall Street, you're seeing investment
managers turning more bullish now. I
think you're in that camp as well.
>> Well, yes, I think they they the the
market has and particularly after the uh
the the policy makers have emphasized
the desire of that self-sufficiency of
technological advancement. uh and
there's there is obviously important
catalysts that are happening and if you
look at we we actually broke down and if
you look at IT and and this AI story I
it communications again AI is not just
uh is not the entire IT and
communications but it provided about
0.6% 6% contribution to GDP. So it has a
story that obviously has shadow or I say
smoky mirrored some of the the
challenges that China faces which are
more structural right. So uh and again
the policy makers are gradually still
injecting liquidity. Uh we might have
some monetary uh support as well. So
it's a cautious optimism again it's not
a quite a bull story as you might say
but these valuations are attractive but
we need to see obviously the upside
would be of course deceleration in
geopolitical tension. uh if you might
see policy maker being a bit more
forceful in certain places particularly
like property that can revive some of
that sentiment and of course some
descalation of tensions around the
ability of China to continue exporting
even of redirection to some places uh
and kind of creating job market or job
market recovery and that sentiment and
and confidence from consumer it could
provide upside but there's a lot of ifs
and I think that's the caution part that
we need to uh need to to monitor right
>> I notice a lot of ifs there yeah because
this year the deepseek moment reminded
us or arguably kicked off a reversion to
the mean and valuations, a reduction of
underweights among global investors.
>> Does earnings need to come through is is
my simple question for next year. And if
if it doesn't come through, do we get a
reversion back?
>> Absolutely. The earnings have to come
through and if you look at the China
recovery hasn't been uniform as you said
it's been very concentrated in certain
sectors. Banks have done well, IT
communications done well. uh but I think
for the second part of the year
obviously the expectations are that
maybe anti-involution has a little bit
of a better impact and we've seen the
policy makers uh focusing a lot more on
consumption creating this consumption
pods uh supporting consumer sectors uh
you know really channeling the consumer
to being kind of the well-being element
of it that can potentially uh revive
some of the consumer sentiment but I
think that needs to be coupled a little
bit of the job security element and I
think a combination of the two I think
could be important for recover cover in
the sectors that that are more linked to
that consumer confidence and spending.
Right?
>> Katarina, thanks. It was great to have
you with us this morning. That was a
Katarina says, CIO of Core Investment
Asia Extapan at Axer Investment
Managers. And I actually think a key
theme coming into next year is going to
be the China semis and the advancements
that we see and also this sort of
flurry. We're starting to get more
listings possibly coming to Borses in
mainland China, Hong Kong. By you can
see here uh they've just confirmed to
the Hong Kong exchange that they are
assessing looking at spinning off their
chip unit and putting it listing it
rather on the hang look at pre-market
going into break as well. This is
Bloomberg
Welcome back. Good morning. You're
watching the China show. It's very quiet
session so far going into the open
today. Equity markets are mixed. Modest
moves either side of zero. In terms of
data points today, uh trade numbers are
coming out um out of China. So we'll
keep an eye on that. Of course, apart
from that, sectors to watch. You had a
fairly strange girration in crypto on
the weekend going into today. Uh brokers
are in focus. We'll tell you why in a
moment. online healthcare. Uh a couple
of stocks you have BYD, um PICC,
uh racking my brain, SASA International,
uh what else are you talking
>> you mentioned?
>> IG, yes. Had a big move, of course. And
that takes us really into the Warner
Brothers story, which of course was the
big news right before the show started
with President Trump maybe throwing a
reminder of the risk involved in in that
in that in that transaction. I think an
antitrust problem may have been thrown
into the mix because there's that
question. Are you you combining the
world's number one streamer with the
world's number four?
>> I mean, is that going to be a problem
when it comes to
>> anti to add those two things?
>> Anyway, we got the market open here
today. It's pretty it's pretty it's
pretty flat really. I'm going to say the
trading volumes are also I mean we're
going to expect those to be seen as
well. You do have the trade figures
coming out later today in China. So,
that will be one of the things to watch.
we could see exports swinging back to
growth in the month of November, but
otherwise as you got that countdown to
the Fed decision coming up, it's really
going to be maybe a more of a catalyst,
especially with those updated
projections we get. So, and between now
and and Wednesday or Thursday morning in
Asia, we could see again fairly quiet
trading. Some of the the individual
stories we're watching, it's going to be
the China brokerages as you mentioned
because there is uh some local media
reporting that the government's urging
stronger compliance and risk control
while expanding leverage limits. So,
we're going to be watching some of those
brokerages in focus for us, including
the likes of CICC, for instance, CIC.
You can see they're up at 2% so far.
Hong Kong session to watch as well
because we'll take a note on uh some of
the different movers in the session. I
think when it comes to the particular
ones to watch, Ber you can see here
that's standing out 3.6% in the green
today. But the story is that we had
reporting actually from Reuters on
Friday that was uh according to their
sources but confirmed over the weekend
by the by the company that they are
looking at splitting off their their
chip unit that's Kun Shin division to
then list in Hong Kong. Interesting one.
Jen Morgan has been one of the the the
banks very positive on the outlook for
this business in particular. But I think
that chip story and we were talking
about this just a few minutes ago. I
think it's going to be a really a really
big one actually for mainland China next
year because you've got a lot of
different of chip names. A lot of them
are still privately held. A lot of them
are looking at maybe listing in Hong
Kong. Mainland China. More threads was
the one that we had on Friday in the
session. I think that that really just
pointed to
>> I heard it did well.
>> It did very well. And this and that
having a drop of 5% here does not
reflect the trading activity we saw on
Friday, which was an incredibly big
jump. we saw as much as 5% 500% move at
the open. So maybe the pricing was a
bit, you know, left a lot of money on
the table, but at the same time, this is
a company that really wants to position
itself as the uh Nvidia for China. But
anyway, back to BU as well, cuz I think
again it comes back to that bigger
theme,
>> right? Yeah. Well, didn't the guy work
at Nvidia?
>> He did from 2006 to 2020.
>> See how he set you up there, right?
Okay. There you go.
>> Thanks for making me look good.
>> No, because I that was that was one of
the things I actually watched your
report online. And you guys should check
that out actually on the on the massive
IPO of course debut
>> uh here uh on Friday which takes us
nicely into the BU story of course uh
Mulling uh listing its uh Kunin AI chip
business here in Hong Kong. Uh it does
look of course to build it broader point
that could tap investor interest in
raising capital uh along the broader
lines of 2026. Uh let's bring in Manuel
Bori who is with us here on set. uh he
leads our Asia-Pacific deals team to
tell us what we know so far about this
this this looming potential potential
listing.
>> Yes, potential as we like to say. David,
good morning. Uh it's another big one in
the horizon uh for next year is shaping
up to be a busy 2026 building on the
momentum from this year. Uh and what we
are starting to see is a lot of the big
tech companies and other conglomerates
trying to monetize and put value on some
of the businesses that they hold
privately uh within uh the whole um
overarching uh group. Uh this one
obviously given all the hype around AI
and chipm it's potentially going to be a
big one. uh valuation is still a little
bit early stage but we are seeing uh
ranges from like the actual pre- money 3
billion all the way to up to uh you know
several billions could be into into the
double digit uh figures perhaps. So it's
one to watch. Yeah, because the timing
is still very early and um as as as
advisors start working out the
financials, uh we'll start hopefully to
see some more kind of narrow numbers and
and ranges that may give us a better
sense on how big we're talking here. Uh
but it's definitely going to be uh one
to watch next year. Uh definitely
potentially multi-billion. So definitely
interesting. Yeah, it's an interesting
one too in the sense that they're
choosing Hong Kong as opposed to to
mainland. Of course, that BU is listed
in Hong Kong as well, but is that sort
of behind their their motivation for
this exchange in particular? Do we know
more on that or or which banks they're
working on timelines? What else have we
heard?
>> Is it still a little bit early? Uh
Annabelle, um with regard with banks, uh
they're holding some talks. They're uh
going to appoint banks over the coming
months. uh and obviously we are looking
into a time frame of at least six to
nine months from there uh as for any um
you know IPO generally speaking um so
it's a little bit early to talk about
value to talk about size even banks but
definitely there is a preliminary work
uh ongoing and why Hong Kong I mean Hong
Kong the valuations that companies are
getting here are really really rich at
the moment so you know escapes no one's
eyes that you know Hong Kong is a venue
for uh listings uh now and uh BU also
being an international business um you
know I think the main venue they prefer
>> for now at least is is Hong Kong. It's
also a lot smoother when it comes to
IPOing some of these businesses in terms
of approval. So uh most likely the venue
will be Hong Kong but obviously all
these details remain uh to be seen and
subject to change. I
>> think you're going to have a really busy
year next year.
>> Yes. Just
>> get some sleep and coffee.
>> This has already been a busy year, but
it's looking like it's going to be
another one.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> You look great though for the time.
>> Yeah, I had to say you're going into
it's a multi-month sprint for you,
Manuel. You got a lot of coverage.
You're breaking a lot of stories as
well. That was Manuel Bori there joining
us. And yeah, as we said, it's that sort
of reappreciation of China's innovation
potential and and one of the reasons
that China is just continuing to win
back global funds and has been a banner
year. There's expectations that it's
going to continue to be a strong year as
well going into the next 12 months. But
let's get more with our Asia equities
reporter Winnie Shu joining us this
morning. So yeah, I mean we just even
even we just heard it from a katarinos
uh from a katarinos bigos in the last
few minutes that many people are bullish
on the outlook. Yeah, exactly. It seems
to be the optimism is really still there
for Chinese stocks. You know over the
past two weeks we've been talking to all
the fund managers in different houses.
You've got the likes of Men Group,
Fidelity, BMP, Parabus. They're all
quite bullish. Yet, it is on the
technological advancement with that
self-sufficiency agenda and also
expectations for more stimulus now that
we're going to have that new 5-year plan
starting in March to boost consumption
and also more expectations around
improvement around uh earnings and also
the economic outlook. So, um it is kind
of a bright outlook there, but the gains
are expected to be relatively modest.
Morgan Stanley just expecting about
about 6% upside from our current level
for the MSCI China for next year versus
how we've gone up about 30% for the
index already. So a bit of a slow bull
run that we're going to be expecting
>> the and I think we're going to flash the
spread of the performance. I think it's
the first year MSA China's outperforming
the US equity market
>> 15 percentage points. That's the best
spread or biggest spread since 2017.
Yes. Is that outperformance going to
lure more foreign investors to drive the
rally or do you think it's going to be
more domestic driven? What are you
hearing?
>> That's a really good question and I
think that's something that when we ask
investors they are also debating on. So
first of all when you look at this year
it hasn't the foreign investors have
mainly been on the sidelines especially
those in the US and Europe. Yes, there
was some inflows from foreign investors,
but mainly those based in Asia or Middle
East. And Morgan Stanley said that we
we're seeing about foreign uh inflow of
um net hund uh 10 billion US dollars so
far this year, but mainly passive and
actually a net outflow of foreign
investors about 15 billion uh US
dollars. So really that interest is
there and it is a transformative year
because we're going from China being
uninvestable to now indispensables for
some of the portfolios as investors look
to diversify their uh portfolios. Uh but
Bank of America's Winnie Woo told us
that um very likely foreign investors
are going to be that next leg for
China's rally if they are convinced that
there is a fundamental improvement when
it comes to economy and earnings.
However, when we talk to Amundi, they
say that um actually Chinese stocks
rally doesn't really need foreign
investors. We have that very big cash uh
pile for from uh domestic investors and
that's more likely enough to drive uh
the Chinese stocks to rally further next
year, especially with the support from
the government and also um um the the
national team to continue to back up for
that slow bull run. Yeah, I think the
figure we were talking about earlier
this year was around $3 trillion in cash
sitting in uh
>> deposits.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Just on the sidelines. But
in terms of sectors, uh what's what's
standing out? So, I guess it's one for
for sure one of your your favorite
sectors when it comes to tech and AI
because that has really uh shown a lot
of potential. And it's not just the
direct AI play, right? also the re uh
the relative uh the relevant plays
whether it's materials or power but also
robotics biotech those continue to show
lots of potential but on the other hand
another interesting sector that we're
watching is the consumer play because
for example men group said that their
biggest contrarian bet for next year is
actually consumer staples which has been
that sector really lagged all its peers
so far this year and they're betting on
it because they see uh the potential for
refle ation for China and they see a
high correlation between the China GDP
deflator and the consumer staples uh
sector's performance. So with that
5-year plan kicking in and the support
for consumption, they see more gains and
more upside for this sector that has
really lagged.
>> What's this? Can I just ask you about
today? Uh what's this brokerage story
and why why are we looking at those
names? Yeah. So actually they are uh
like Belle mentioned earlier they they
are urging for stronger compliance and
risk controls uh but also really
encouraging um or potentially expanding
the leverage limits. So I think that
basically shows how this slow bull run
is supposedly uh under control right
now. We actually saw the reverse earlier
this year when stock rally really gone
up and the government stepping in to try
to cool the rally. But now it seems like
when things are a bit more stable,
they're coming in and providing a bit
more support whether it's uh expanding
the the leverage limits or also um
lowering insurance firms uh risk
factors. So those are likely going to
support brokerages especially those that
have uh high leverage ratios. So you
know whether it's that um the the
national team providing a bit more funds
or uh the government encouraging more uh
mutual funds to buy the Assures. These
really go to show how this time around
the government is behind the market and
supporting that rally.
>> Yeah, I mean there we go showing up in
markets on the sector and also on the
China index when you look at it on
benchmark relative basis
>> uh clearly outperforming by double and
you know I'm being conservative with
that. Winnie, thank you. Winnie Sue
there, our Asia equities reporter. Uh
just to the fixed income space, local
currency bonds, Vanoa in particular,
three bonds now are halted. It's been
almost a daily occurrence now. Uh given
uh the latest on that and the latest
being of course December 28th, that
specific bond uh given the liquidity
issues out of the the company. Uh more
on that in a moment. Plenty more ahead.
This is the China show.
In some world news this morning,
President Trump has raised potential
antitrust concerns for Netflix planned
acquisition of Warner Brothers. The $72
billion deal would combine the world's
top streaming player with the number
four service that's HBO Max, which has
raised red flags from regulators. Trump
confirmed that he met recently with the
Netflix co-co Ted Sarendos.
He's done one of the greatest jobs in
the history of movies and other things.
He's uh and he's got a lot of
interesting things happening aside from
what you're talking about. But it is a
big market share. There's no question
about it. It could be a problem.
India's tariff talks with the US will
pick up this week with visits from a
senior State Department official and a
team of American trade negotiators. New
Delhi has been eager to finalize a deal
with President Trump's administration
which imposed 50% tariffs partly in
retaliation for India's purchases of
Russian oil.
French President Emanuel Maccron has
warned that the European Union may be
forced to take what he called strong
measures against China if it fails to
address its widening trade imbalance. In
a newspaper interview, Macron said the
EU could be obliged to decouple and
mention tariffs as a possibility. His
remark follows a 3-day state visit to
China where he pressed Beijing for more
investment.
Okay, let's uh have a look at what
happened over the weekend into the
Monday session here. So, you have the
government uh talking about voter
turnout. The legical elections held on
Sunday and on the weekend slightly
higher than uh the last one uh four
years ago. The election went ahead less
than two weeks after, of course, a fire
at the housing complex that killed more
than 150 people here uh in Hong Kong.
Let's bring in Minow, our China
correspondent. Let's talk about voter
turnout. Let's start there. Yeah, the
voter turnout was marginally higher than
2021. It was about 30%, then it is 32%
or so. So, just slightly higher, but I I
would say it came at a great cost
because the government election budget
was up by more than 50%. They spent a
lot of money on publicity. They gave out
a lot of freebies, a lot of discounts.
So, anybody who voted will get a thank
you card that they can exchange for
vouchers in shops and restaurants, even
for insurance premiums, medical services
as well. And the public swimming pools,
the museums will open for free. And the
chief secretary, Eric Chan, said the
intention is to create a festive mood to
highlight the importance of the
election. Voting hours were also
extended. They create created more
voting booths as well. Um, and that that
higher budget actually hasn't gotten a
lot of public scrutiny and ex- lawmakers
are saying that the outgoing lawmakers
may not be keen to ask the tough
questions as they are leaving. and the
incumbents are busy campaigning and
obviously the the opposition voices are
largely non-existent now.
>> So what does that tell us then about
public sentiment because I think of
course this is just a few days after the
the major fire incident. How has that
also played into this vote over the
weekend?
>> Yeah, I mean you're looking at the voter
turnout it looks pretty lackluster. I
think speaking to people the sentiment
seems pretty mixed because obviously
there are a lot of questions at the for
now about whether the government has
failed the people when it comes to the
inspections when it comes to whether the
laws need to be revamped but at the same
time there are some who feel that the
government has acted pretty swiftly you
know with the investigation they
arrested over a dozen people they
identified 1,800 of these empty
apartments that could serve as
transitional housing the monetary
compensation for victims have been
increasing as well as that special fund
set up the by the government has been
gathering more and more donations. So
that could work in favor of the
government. But just to highlight how
sensitive the fire has been over the
weekend on Saturday, just a day ahead of
the election, the authorities summoned
journalists from international media
agencies and warning them not to make
any smear campaign around this fire and
to spread false information. And at the
same time, the anti-corruption bureau
also arrested a total of 11 people so
far for inciting others not to vote or
to submit a blank vote. So, uh certainly
the the authorities have been, you know,
pulling out all stops to ensure that the
election goes without a hitch.
>> Okay. And Bloomberg of course being one
of the organizations that was summoned
uh to those talks. That's our China
correspondent Min Low there. But just
taking a look at how Asian markets are
fairing. We are just about 20 minutes
into the session so far and we are
seeing I mean mixed really divergence
between mainland and also Hong Kong.
Hong Kong is under pressure but the tech
sector is continuing to to outpace uh
those losses there. You see what is
leading the gain so far is BU and and
it's no surprises really because yes on
Friday we had the reporting from Reuters
that they were looking at splitting off
their chip division that's Kunshin to
list in Hong Kong. The company actually
confirmed that it was assessing that
possibility, but we're just speaking
with Manuel Bori a few minutes ago
saying it's still very early stage
deliberations. Any sort of eventual IPO
could be 6 9 months even further away.
But that's it and we'll be back in a few
minutes. This is Bloomberg.
Well, in some corporate news this
morning, we're watching shares of PICC.
That's after news broke that China's
investigating the insurers's vice
president UAE for suspected serious
violations of the law. The nation's
anti-corruption agency says U is
currently undergoing a disciplinary
review. Last week, shares of the company
slid after reports that you couldn't be
reached. Bloomberg Intelligence thinks
the investigation could weigh on PICC's
valuations.
BYYD's chairman has told the China
Securities Journal that the firm will
try to achieve breakthroughs in next
generation electrification technologies
in the next 2 to 3 years. According to
the report, BYD is looking to boost
efforts to expand its overseas markets
as well.
We're also keeping an eye on gold stocks
this morning. That's after China's
central bank added to its reserves for a
13th straight month. Official data show
bullion held by the PBOC rose by 30,000
troy ounces last month, bringing the
total to around 74 million troy ounces.
The current buying cycle began in
November 2024 with gold on track for its
best year since 1979.
>> Wow. Okay. Okay. That uh precedes us.
Okay. Um the
>> It does, right? Yeah.
>> Yeah. Me at least.
>> Well, come on.
>> What about you?
>> Well, um the trade numbers don't go as
far back as the early 80s. Um the
graphic does show you though the
previous uh October print. The reason we
say that is we're we're due of course to
see the the trade trade numbers for
November coming through. The estimates
for exports and just to emphasize is
this is in the dollar terms. There's two
sets of course. One is in the local
currency terms. So these are uh the ones
in green back 4% as you can see
estimates on your screens. Now the trend
uh it's it's not been consistent. There
have been seasonal aberrations. There's
been of course the conversations around
this trade daunt negotiations there.
September saw quite a big jump. October
saw contraction. The estimates are for
splitting the difference between the two
for about 4%. Now on this notes, our
folks at Bloomberg Economics think we
are likely to see uh this not because of
a cyclical recovery
um but more to do of course with
seasonal factors. Point number one.
Point number two is City's joining us in
a couple of minutes and they actually
think that China will continue to see
exports continue to move up. Morgan
Stanley in fact just dropped this note
uh in our inboxes. What time is it? Um
about 25 minutes back. Uh it's a very
very long report but suffice to say
Morgan Stanley they look very long-term
and they think China's share of exports
will continue to increase. The estimate
here is by 2030 they project market
share of global exports to reach 16.5%
from the current 15%. Because of their
dominant position in things like
advanced manufacturing that's a trend
that will continue of course to uh to go
beyond 2026.
>> Yeah that's right. And I think it's
actually interesting then because China
is such a leader when it comes to the
manufacturing space and then no one
really does it better than China in in
essence but one of the the moves that we
are seeing is actually in the Korea
battery stocks this morning and they're
also doing very well and this is an
interesting story because you're seeing
a big shift now not just from EV
batteries but into what's called ESS and
this is sort of one of the big drivers
for instance for for CL it's it's the
energy storage systems and we've got uh
essentially a call out saying that that
buy the dip on on any sort of drops you
see but moves here to the upside.
>> Okay. Yeah, we'll keep an eye on that.
Um lots more on the way here and yeah um
keep it here. You're watching the China
show. Plenty more ahead.
Bringing you some breaking news just in
the last few moments. We have Thailand
saying it hit Cambodia with air strikes
along the border. This is really the
culmination of what's been a weekend of
firing across. Both sides have been
accusing the other of of essentially
firing first, but it it is a
longstanding uh conflict really or
long-standing disputes over colonial era
border maps and also treaties and
relations have been looking to
stabilize. They earlier fled as as far
back as 2011, but tensions certainly
have been escalating this year and and
also culminating again over the weekend.
Now, Thailand is saying that that uh
this is in response to to Cambodia.
Cambodia. They say uh the open fire and
in that killed one Thai soldier and
injured four. There is a very delicate
uh US broken peace accord in place. But
this certainly tests that.
>> If you Yeah, I recall that from just as
recently as as a few weeks back. Well,
uh we will effort to get more details on
the story and we will bring them to you
once we have more information on what's
going on u right now in that part of the
world. Right. Um just very briefly as we
move away to uh from that story for now.
Uh look at equity markets not much here.
I think when you look at the the Chinx
index that's maybe the brokerage story
and the leverage story more on that uh
later. In fact more on the details in
that story but as you can see it's
playing out across some of these
brokerage names. Uh this is obviously
not a complete list. Um you have the
likes of Guatai also coming through as
well. Quite some big moves there. Uh
that's my way of just nudging my
producers. Maybe we could just uh change
the names of that one there. Uh for the
next one. Okay. Uh Bus the story too. I
missed this actually going into the
weekend. They did put out that filing to
the exchange. What happened here?
>> Yeah, this is a this is going to be a
really interesting one to watch into
2026. But uh BU has its own chip unit.
They're developing or they're developing
the Kun ship, but the chip unit is Kun
Shin and now they're talking about
spinning off that and listing it in in
Hong Kong possibly. So this is a unit
that I think as well is is has been
called by the likes of JP Morgan for
instance really one of the key growth
drivers for the BU business as a whole
that and then you can add the cloud
computing business. These are two of the
most promising areas for the company. So
spinning it off is going to be a really
interesting move. I mean the valuation
could be starting maybe around $3
billion for the business but again this
is very much in the preliminary stages
it seems so far. You are seeing that
reaction though because actually this is
a stock leading the the gains for the
hanging tech today.
>> Yeah. Three and a half percent on that
and it's it's so preliminary I think
that Manuel Bori who joined us earlier
on uh who leads our deals scheme says
that the range as far as the valuation
goes goes from low billions to double
digits right it's not it's very wide.
Yeah, that's just sort of a preliminary
indication perhaps, but again, lots to
be still spelled out in terms of which
banks they're going to be working with,
uh the timing of it, the the valuation
as well. So, yes, but still one to to
watch. What else are watching for this
week? And I think it's obviously I mean
there's one big thing we're watching for
this week, and that's the Fed decision
coming up on Wednesday. As we've been
discussing, it's very much sort of baked
in this this this uh prospect for a cut
this week, but it is that big question
mark. you get those updated projections
and how much more easing do we see into
2026 as well. Uh so that's the sort of
the highlight but uh yeah we got the RBA
decision coming up. You got one from the
Philippines as well. Uh CPI data. You
got the trade data from from China later
this week. It's it's relatively busy but
again really it's the Fed I think we
come down to.
>> Yeah. Uh Mark, let's bring in him. Mark
Cranfield's with us out of Singapore to
tell talk us through this. I mean, Mark,
this one we we track almost on a daily,
if not second basis. Largely no new
information, but is there an event risk
out there as far as the Fed goes for
markets this week?
>> Yeah, definitely. I think we're going to
be talking about global yields quite a
lot this week. It's not just about the
Federal Reserve. That's a very big part
of it. But as Mark Cub was writing on
Mive earlier today, if you look at the
30-year yields in the US, they've risen
to the highest for for several weeks.
And if you think what's happened,
there's been two Federal Reserve rate
cuts, September and October, and yet
30-year yields are actually higher. So
what's we're heading towards, we're
heading back towards that 5% area for
the long end of the curve in the US. And
Mark Kar was arguing there is certainly
a risk that that ends up becoming a flaw
not a peak for yields next year. Clearly
investors are a bit nervous that the
Federal Reserve is is lowering rates
quite quickly and yet the inflation
outlook is not that clear in the United
States. Certainly there's been some weak
jobs data but investors are not
convinced that inflation has really come
down far enough. Now add into that Japan
as well. We saw last week there are bond
auctions in Japan that royal global
markets. Yields are pushing up in Japan.
We have two more important auctions this
week in Japan. The 5-year could be
especially difficult because that one is
the is a particular favorite from hedge
funds for shorting. They've been doing
curve flattening trades. There's a lot
of positions in there. We do expect the
Bank of Japan to hike rates in December.
But similar to the FOMC, it's really
what's the outlook going to be now? The
Fed surprised last time because they
they cut but they gave a bit of a
hawkish outlook. If the Bank of Japan
raises rates with a slightly hawkish
outlook, it will add to the volatility
in global markets. On top of that,
you've got the RBA where people are even
beginning to think there's a chance of a
rate hike next year from the which is a
complete twist that until just a few
days ago, nobody thought the RBA was
going to be raising interest rates. It
all adds to volatility at the long end
of the bond curve.
>> Yeah, exactly. I think as soon as we
stop the the conversation around easing,
we'll probably shift back to when's
hiking going to start again with this
prospect. Maybe we see real accelerating
inflation into into 2026. But how
important then I think for Asian
equities today is the trade figures from
China going to be do you think?
I think the to some extent the the value
of those trade figures has been
diminished a bit because for the time
being the US and China seem to be
talking to each other quite a lot. They
seem to be working towards the next
areas where they can get things done not
increasing tariffs on one another. There
seems to be a peace at the high level
between the US and China. That's very
important. So the trade numbers will
come and go. They'll fluctuate a bit,
but they're they're a little bit
secondary. Now certainly what's what's
far more important really is looking
ahead at the next dynamics from the
Chinese leadership. How much more are
they going to do in terms of stimulus?
Is the central bank going to be able to
lower interest rates again early next
year?
those things will be much more important
on top of the the local AI story as
you've been talking about as well.
Companies like BU and the IPO we saw
last week where it was explosive rally
in one of the stocks that was listed
last week. So those factors are probably
they carry more weight for the equity
market. If there's a huge miss for
exports, people will be disappointed.
But it's just one piece of data in a
very big picture for China.
>> Mark, fantastic. Thank you, sir. Mark
Cranfield in Singapore for us. Uh
joining us now here on set to talk talk
about all those themes that Mark just
touched on and perhaps even more.
Joanna, head of EM economics at Cityroup
Global Markets. Good morning.
>> Hi, morning.
>> Should we start in the Fed?
>> Sure. Um
>> so cut this week. I know you guys are on
the dovish side, right? Cut this week,
January and March. Mark just pointed out
yields have been stubbornly high. It
squared that circle for us.
>> Look, I think it's a combination of, you
know, it's typical. Some people are
saying, you know, we're at the tail end
of if we're getting close to the easing
cycle, a lot of people kind of put on
steepeners. Obviously, the data, you
know, there's still people looking
forward. Right now, our dovish view is
more in the in the next three months.
We've got a great cut, three consecutive
cuts, because our argument is the labor
market is still showing some softness,
notwithstanding some of the stickiness
of inflation. So, I think that's not
going to deter the Fed. I mean, again,
maybe some of the people might have a
more protracted view of that easing
cycle, and there's obviously a lot of
concerns about Fed independence. So
there could be multiple things that are
driving the back end. But for now, our
view is that I think even if the Fed
cuts in December, which is widely
expected, the language uh will probably
switch to be more data dependent as he
heads towards neutral. But we just are
making a call that the data will push
him towards more easing.
>> And what does that easing look like in
terms of the the cutting?
>> So we have a cut in January, another cut
in March. That is three three
consecutive cuts.
>> Okay. And then so what are sort of what
could test that? I mean we were just
talking about that reacelerating
inflation. How persistent or how big
does that become as the narrative for
next year?
>> Well well I think there a couple of
things that we need to watch. I mean our
thesis is really labor market will
continue to soften. Now we we had some
sort of jobless claims that seems to
suggest maybe we may have a resist kind
of buoyant payroll. So again it depends
on the data. If we do see some signs
that economy is very resilient, labor
market is very resilient. At the same
time inflation is still well above too.
There's a risk that the Fed might pause
and it might be a more protracted story.
I don't think we're anywhere close to a
hike at this juncture. Uh and
notwithstanding the inflation concerns
on obviously we're still watching
inflation and the belated pass through
on tariff. But for now, I mean so far
the pass through has been relatively
muted and you know we're headed to
another big potential AIPA decision on
the Supreme Court which creates a lot of
uncertainty. So that's something that
also we need to be watching out very
closely.
>> What about the dollar beyond March?
>> So we actually city has a very
non-conensus call on the dollar. So our
view is that in 6 to 12 months we might
actually have the dollar rebounding and
we've got Euro dollar going to 110. And
the main reason why we have a somewhat
of a bullish dollar view in the six to
12 month horizon. It's not a structural
story. It's really more a cyclical story
that in the short term US economy is
slowing down from the drags of the
uncertainty on trade etc etc. But
because we have a bit more doubbish view
on the Fed cutting subsequently and the
expectation that maybe going into the
midterm election, you know, the US
administration might juice up the
economy, the deregulation, etc. We may
get a bit of sign of reaceleration
notwithstanding, you know, also city as
a house, we're also quite constructive
on AI and obviously US is still a strong
story there that that might still
continue to make it difficult for the
euro for example to appreciate a lot and
that's why we do have a non-consensus of
DXY uh heading higher in 6 to 12 months.
What does it mean then for for Asian
central banks then?
>> Yeah, so Asia's kind of in a different
juncture. So again, we've already had a
lot of you know, rate cuts in a number
of markets, but you know, inflation has
been very very low. Uh headline
inflation is kind of bottoming. I think
there's really not much reflationary
impulse anyway. So in some markets we
still have room to cut. I mean we've got
BSP this week on Thursday. We expecting
them to cut. They could cut another two
to three times more. Um it's just that I
think we're getting into a mature phase
of the easing cycle. We've got
Philippines cutting a little bit more. I
mean Indo, Thailand, but generally we're
getting mature because I think a lot of
central banks in Asia still want to
preserve policy buffer. They're not as
convinced we're going to get a
acceleration. There's still a lot of
uncertainty and therefore they want to
preserve policy space. China and
Thailand are still kind of worried about
the kind of the zero lower bound which
they think is still well above zero.
There's obviously cases like Indonesia
where they care about rate differential
with the Fed because of worries about
rupee stability. So we are kind of in a
mature phase of the easing cycle
relative to some of the other EM
counterparts in the high yield space on
FX. I think you know because we have a
kind of stronger dollar view in six to
12 month it does complicate the story on
dollar Asia. But having said that
usually dollar Asia tends to outperform
in dollar rallies because we tend to be
a very low beta uh region and the big
big call for dollar Asia is really what
our view is on dollar China. And at the
moment in the short term, if we have a
little bit of a dollar softness, we
actually think dollar CNY could go to
seven. We actually think, you know,
we're expecting, you know, we've got
trade data coming out today. We're
expecting a bit of rebound. Look,
China's exports are still super
competitive. We've had statements coming
out of Macron saying they might have to
do tariffs on, you know, trade deficit,
uh, the trade imbalances. So I think in
in order for China to appease some of
its trade part trading partners, you
know, given that REM and B on real
effective exchange, it has already
depreciated a lot. They probably will be
willing to give a little bit more
slightly stronger bias on fixings and
maybe allow a little bit of strength to
appease trading partners and also I
think they also want to advance a little
bit of the remy internationalization.
But again, of course, if the dollar
really rebounds, there'll be a bit of
pressure. It's just hard to have a very
big dollar Asia FX story because I don't
really see any reason why China would
have a big one-off revaluation given
that we still have rebalancing
challenges. We still have deflationary
challenges as well.
>> Where do we go with the deflationary
challenges with
>> well this week we have CPI and PPI and
look the headline run numbers are going
to look better. So we expect CPI will go
to 0.8 PPI will be less negative but you
know it's still very low numbers and
part of the reason why the numbers look
a little bit better is we have very low
base effect. So although we are heading
a little bit higher this is not there's
still going to be ongoing concerns about
the sustainability of this headline
reflationary number if a lot of it is
just base effect that it it will
eventually fade off and people are
really looking for more signs of
stimulus. So this week I potentially
this week it could be next week we could
have a China economic war conference. So
any signals of more stimulus of more
rebalancing is something we're looking
forward but at the moment I I think we
have kind of underwhelming signals
coming out of the fourth planet.
>> Well all things equal
when does PPI turn positive? I
>> I don't have exactly the same I mean we
have kind of overall negative going into
next year. I mean
>> still negative next year I can't
remember exactly when our forecast is
but uh so we're really more focused on
the CPI side. Um but again I mean we're
still at negative -2 so you probably
will get less negative okay going into
next year
>> BOJ as well. Uh what's your anticipation
around that in terms of again what's
signaled about the outlook?
>> Well look I think Governor Weda's speech
was it last last Monday? I think kind of
that was a big turning point where we
changed the call and we said they're
going to you know they're definitely
going to hike in December this week. Uh
no sorry this December not next week
19th 19th. Um and then we still have
them hiking again in uh July next year.
So our view is they're going to hike
every six months uh but for every every
meeting every six months up to one and a
half%. And at the moment you know I
think one of the other drivers of why I
think they're also hiking is look I
think dollar yen has been obviously
quite elevated yen has been weak. Um but
you know our our house view is you know
again this may also be quite
non-conensus just as we have a little
bit of a stronger dollar in 6 to 12
months. our G10 strategist saying dollar
yen will eventually go back to 145
because their view is at some point you
know when bond yields head higher and
you know there's still good corporate
earnings that portfolio flows will
revert back to Japan uh you know you
just have to digest some of these fiscal
concerns from Takayichi and once they
digest some of the concerns uh flows
will come back and that again is a
little bit of a non-conensus view
perhaps
>> uh anything else for next year that we
missed
>> well I mean obviously some of the key
themes we're watching out for Asia aside
from the monetary you know I I think
other things are obviously AI and what
that AI is going to translate to
performance and our view is a lot of the
AI story globally a lot of the winners
are on the AI enablers the ones that are
building out the infrastructure and
there's a lot of you know Asian players
there especially on the semiconductor
space like Korea Taiwan even Singapore
Malaysia I think the story of the
adoption and the productivity growth
from AI adoption you have this J curve
kind of productivity where the initial
adoption you may not see productivity
growth and you'll see it later on and
our worry is I think the countries that
are very well positioned to benefit from
productivity is really more the richer
economies. Uh and again that may be you
know that may help some of the richer
Asian economies but it could create a
little bit of a divergent story. The
other story we talk a lot about is trade
and I just wanted to say in the piece
that we wrote out in our outlook is
trade has been very very resilient
because supply chains are still very
very much in in line and in check and
there's been a lot of integration
between China and Azan and our view is
that's going to continue to further
accelerate because people want to
diversify and a big big trade story
we're watching next year aside from the
AIPA decision is the India uh US
potential trade deal. I think we are
expecting I mean there supposedly some
US officials are visiting this week. We
are expecting eventually there will be
some trade deal and that will help at
least remove some of the uncertainty. So
again, I think trade, you know, that's
something we're watching out for. But
overall, Asia is still slowing next year
because we've had a pretty high base
effect on exports this year because of
the tech part, the AI, which even though
we're still bullish, just from the base
effect, it will slow down and we still
have China being very competitive and we
still have lagged the impact of trade
policy uncertainty, but you know, Asia
slowing down, you know, you know, I
think fundamentally still in a good
shape. Uh and then the question is
really more about kind of medium to
longer term when are we going to get the
productivity catch up from sort of some
of these technological changes and it's
from the macro side it's really more
bottoms up now it's really more equity
story now I think the rates you know
effect story in Asia is a little bit
less exciting
>> okay
>> well Joanna thanks for joining us this
morning that was John there head of em
econ e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e
e e econ economics rather atroup global
markets and coming up on the China show
one of our top stories today that's
tensions between China and Japan. and
that are ramping up after what's been
conflicting accounts of an conflicting
accounts rather of an encounter between
military aircraft. We'll have details
ahead. This is Bloomberg
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. Just a glance at defense stocks in
Tokyo and up arrow story there. You have
of course this intensified
uh conversations between China and Japan
over the weekend. Tensions there. Two
countries giving conflicting accounts of
this incident in involving fighter jets
uh near Okinawa. Stephen Angel, our
chief North Asia correspondent is with
us uh to just split the difference
between I guess the two the two
statements. What do we know exactly? So
this has happened over the weekend on
Saturday in a couple of incidents where
there was an intercept the Japanese F-15
fighter jets out of Okinawa were
scrambled because the Chinese off the
Leoning aircraft carrier uh just east of
the Mako Strait which by the way is
south of Okinawa near the Skaku Islands
which the Chinese also call the Daoyu
Islands. So they're sort of disputed
areas. They were in international water.
So the Chinese were running their J15
fighter jets off the Leoning. You know,
we have some footage, file footage of
the Leoning and the fighter jets that
we're talking about. Essentially, the
Japanese say the F-15, the J15s, there.
There we go. That's the Leoning U ramp
there at the front of at the bow of the
ship. Uh the Japanese are saying
essentially the J15 fighter jets uh
locked in. They they trained their
radar, essentially fire control radar
onto at least two different F-15s,
separate F-15s in two different
incidents. And that's essentially, of
course, you're locked and loaded and and
potentially could shoot one of these
fighter jets down. Now, that didn't
happen. Uh but again, we have different
readouts from the Japanese side as
opposed to the Chinese side. The Chinese
side says the Japanese F-15s got too
close. uh they gravely endangered flight
safety of their training exercises in
the East China Sea. There you're seeing
the China Foreign Ministry statement. We
can bring that up. Oh, this is it. Under
the current circumstance, the Japanese
side by hyping up the so-called issue of
radar illumination. That radar
illumination is when you use radar to
basically lock in on your target uh fire
control radar uh is deliberately making
a false accusation against China to
build up tension and mislead the
international community. It is purely
ill-intentioned. I go on to say uh the
Chinese are demanding that Japan
restrain its frontline actions. All
right. Now, we want to hear from the
Japanese side because they have a little
bit of a different take. Here's the uh
Mr. Koazumi, the uh defense minister.
>> This radar illumination was a dangerous
act that exceeded the scope necessary
for the safe flight of aircraft. We find
it extremely regrettable that such an
incident occurred and we lodged a strong
protest with the Chinese side firmly
requesting measures to prevent any
recurrence.
>> Yeah, just put it into context those
comments we heard there this push back
and also I guess how it complicates the
the any signs of reproshing of the
tensions because there were the signals
that Taki Chusan had been walking back
some of her comments a bit. Does this
make it worse again?
>> There's there's no walking back from
either side. So, it's going to take
time. We we heard from the Taiwanese
foreign affairs minister last week when
I was there. He's saying this is going
to take some time, at least a year. So,
again, this only complicates and ratches
ratchets up the tension.
>> Steve, great. That was our chief North
Asia correspondent Steven Angel there.
And just a quick look as we go into
break here how markets are fairing this
morning. You are actually just seeing
the CSI 300 reversing some earlier
losses. So again, broadly trading to the
upside. More ahead, this is the China
show.
In some corporate news this morning,
we're watching shares of PIC. That's
after news that China is investigating
the insurers's vice president Yuja for
suspected serious violations of the law.
The nation's anti-corruption agency says
U is currently undergoing a disciplinary
review. Last week, shares of the company
slid. That's after reports that U
couldn't be reached. Bloomberg
Intelligence thinks the investigation
could weigh on PICC's valuations.
BYD's chairman has told the China
Securities Journal that the firm will
try to achieve breakthroughs in next
generation electri electrification
technologies in the next 2 to 3 years.
According to the report, BYD is looking
to boost efforts to expand its overseas
markets as well. This is also a big
story just to note. Um on the up
following a better risk controls
reported out of Thailand. In fact as a
cohort um our gauge of this in Hong Kong
is up the most in 3 weeks and that's
also leading to some gains across some
other benchmarks more than others. I'll
mention the China index. Plenty more
ahead. This is the China show.
It's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo this morning.
Japanese markets just about to go into
their lunch break and you are seeing
stocks here are looking fairly flat
really. Uh not too much of a surprise
given you're on that countdown to the
Fed decision this week. We've got also a
couple of Japanese bond auctions coming
up that could send some jitters through.
We have actually been watching sort of
unexpected moves that we're seeing at
the longer end of of the curve when it
comes to to bonds globally. So we're
tracking that closely and the
significance of that particularly as
more spending is set to be unleashed
next year in the US in particular.
You've got also some jitters maybe some
nervousness around who will be leading
the Fed next. But bringing this back to
Japan this morning uh as we said stocks
here are fairly steady and just taking a
look at what trading volumes are doing.
Yeah, you're you're pretty off so far
for the 20-day moving average as well.
>> Yeah. Uh just to also mention on the
Japan story, right, there was a a fairly
weak GDP print
>> uh
>> revised down. Yeah,
>> it revises down, right? The contraction
of the final number.
>> Uh but don't let that distract you from
the fact I see on the internet a lot.
The our economist at Bloomberg economics
say are basically saying don't let that
distract you from the fact that the BOJ
is likely going to hike interest rates
this month. And the point that Joanna
Chua out of city was making in six month
increments the cadence of hikes will be
across six months every uh that period
>> to 1.5%
>> to 1.5% eventually until they get to
that point. There we go. Okay. Um let's
have a look at markets right now. We're
doing slightly better on price itself
than we were at the start of the
session. But that's just to say also
it's been extremely quiet and rangebound
in most of these benchmarks and most of
the sectors with the exception of a few
like brokers and financials we talked
about in in greater China. Right. Uh
let's move things along and have a look
at uh world news that we're tracking uh
this morning. So US trade representative
Jameson Greer says China is holding up
its end of the bar or uh its end of the
bargain on trade commitments. Now, this
comes less than 2 months after
presidents Trump and Xi Jinping agreed
to a tariff truce, roll back export
controls, and also reduce other trade
barriers. Greer also told Fox News that
they are keeping a close eye on
Beijing's soybean purchase commitments.
>> With China, it's always it's always we
we verify and we monitor uh and and we
watch the commitments. The commitments
are quite specific. uh they're about
purchasing, you know, a certain amount
of of soybeans, for example, through the
rest of this growing season and then
each of the next years. These are things
that are quantifiable. The data are
clear. Um, you know, we've already seen
that the Chinese are are getting to
about a third of the way through their
purchase commitment for this growing
season. You know, part of the other
commitments they've made have been to
ensure that rarest and critical minerals
continue to flow to the United States.
That's something we monitor as well. Um
it's never perfect um but it's all going
the right direction and we're seeing the
kinds of flows that are you know keeping
our factories open uh keeping
manufacturing going. So all of these
things that we've agreed to with the
Chinese recently are very concrete. Uh
we can monitor them uh with some ease
and so far we're seeing that they're in
compliance.
US lawmakers have released annual
defense authorization legislation that
backs almost 911
billion US dollars in discretionary
spending for national security programs.
Now the bill also seeks to restrict
American investments in sensitive
Chinese industries and it would bar
Chinese biotech companies from receiving
US funding.
Actually, that story there takes us
really very nicely into what is our deep
dive this week because tensions between
the US and China, they've actually
resulted in tech research collaboration
falling to the lowest levels that we've
seen uh in 20 years. So, this chart here
is put together by the Australian
Strategic Policy Institute Critical
Technology. It's their tracker and it
shows that the collaboration intensity
which is essentially the ratio of co
co-authored publications between China
and as well the listed country. You can
see here uh in 2024 you're sliding again
all the way back to levels that we
haven't seen since 2005. So it found in
essence that only a quarter of China's
collaborations involve US researchers
and again you're down over half uh from
what it was just a decade ago.
>> Yeah, I mean the world is certainly
changing. This is a a broader story with
longerterm implications and the
direction of the of the tide does seem
to suggest that will uh this this this
divergence will continue u as Bel was
just pointing out right the data shows
it peaked in 2019 uh and we're really
going the opposite way of that joining
us now in fact is the author of the
study uh Steven Robin is a data
scientist at the Australian Strategic
Policy Institute joining us now uh good
morning sir uh thank you for taking the
time to lots unpack. We had a look at
the report. Fantastic data by the way
and thank you so much for uh bringing
that to our attention.
G give us the gist.
>> Yeah. Well, good morning Dave and
Annabelle. It's uh great to be with you.
Thank you so much for having me on. Um
so I think Annabelle really did a a
great uh sum summaration of the the
report and what it was really finding.
Uh so what we essentially looked at was
how research collaboration between uh
China and the United States evolved over
over the past 20 years. and in addition
to China and and several other countries
as well. Uh and really what we found is
even though the the volume of research
collaboration um is still predominantly
uh between China and and the US and its
allies. So the US is still uh sorry
China is still collaborating with the US
and its allies very heavily in the the
74 critical technologies we track. uh
the tide is shifting um and increasingly
we're seeing that China is is
collaborating more deeply with countries
like uh with Pakistan, Iran, Iran and
and Russia that are more closely aligned
with its with its geostrategic interests
um and and a little bit away from from
the US and its allies.
>> Um
>> so I I
>> Sorry, go ahead.
the the premise that you're making is
that you need to see a a a recoupling,
but but how exactly does that work when
it seems like everything in including
the the position of lawmakers is to to
go in the opposite direction?
>> Yep. So that that's a that's a really
great question, Annabelle. Um, and I
guess the the key point um that that I'm
sort of starting with this research and
and hoping that we can develop further
is really identifying what areas um what
are the essentially more uh critical
areas that have closer links to uh
supporting China's uh military
modernization and and what are the sort
of sensitive technologies where there is
really a risk um that that deeper
research collaboration could lead to uh
to uh sensitive technologies. is being
being leaked to China. Um this is
something that we we have seen happen.
Aspie has done previously uh previous
research on this in addition to many
other um organizations. Uh so there is a
real risk there. Um and it's uh it's too
too simple though to say that uh all
research collaboration uh is is risky
and and needs to be cailed. The
challenge really is identifying in what
areas are the the benefits of research
collaboration uh really worth um worth
the risk. Um and that's that's really
what we're hoping to do with with tools
like Aspy's critical technology track is
really drill down into specifically what
technologies uh and what areas uh
collaboration is is a risk essentially.
>> Yeah. And you know the the other side to
that to that coin as you also point out
Stephen is despite the sort of the lack
or the decreasing points of contact
along the research lines you know China
is still the US's uh largest uh research
partner. Correct me if I'm wrong on
that. Um it but it wasn't being able to
identify what becomes sensitive
in hindsight is easy to do but as far as
10 years back you come up you look at
the list of divergences now
>> and it would be anyone's best guess 10
years ago that those would be sensitive
points to you when you look at the data
right now what seems to be where do the
benefits outweigh the cost as far as
areas of cooperation are concerned in
other words what what likely doesn't
change is my question.
>> Yeah, I mean that that's a that's
another really good question. Um and
look, I guess in terms of of uh where
the benefits lie, um first and foremost,
it it is pretty well established uh in
in the the cyometrics community that
research collaboration does uh deliver
higher impact uh scientific research,
especially when that collaboration is
with research teams in other countries
that uh maybe have access to uh to
unique data sets or or just
complimentary strengths that maybe uh
allow for uh higher higher quality
quality research to be conducted. So a
really good example of this for instance
is going back to the 1990s uh where
American and Chinese scientists
collaborated on um on on uh conducting a
large scale clinical trial to reduce the
chance reduce the the prevalence of uh
severe birth defects um for newborn
children. uh at that time what they were
really leveraging is uh some unique
features in in China's demographic um
demographics that made it the ideal
place to conduct this kind of study. Uh
and and as a consequence of that um of
that research uh the the prevalence of
this particular type of of birth defect
has has come down quite significantly in
the decades since which had a really
positive impact on on saving hundreds of
thousands of children uh worldwide
since. So uh there there are benefits to
to collaboration. Um and uh I think the
the challenge is really identifying um
the the the the areas where where these
challenges are most these benefits are
most pronounced. So for instance I I
mentioned a biomedical example because
that especially is one of those areas
where access to to data sets is is a
major challenge. Um high quality data
sets I should say is is a major
challenge. So being able to to leverage
these uh these uh um benefits across
different countries is is very useful.
Um but as I mentioned before there there
are genuine uh concerns and and and
legitimate reasons to be concerned about
these research collaborations. uh and so
in perhaps in in in other areas uh where
um that there are fewer comparative
advantages to to working with um with
other countries uh then there might be a
stronger case for for the US trying to
restrict research uh research
collaboration in those areas. So to be
be a bit specific uh quantum computing
is is one of those areas where the US
really has uh a lot of domestic uh
capability and and especially when you
include partnering with its its allied
countries like Australia, Canada, the
UK. Um there's a real uh real reason for
the US to feel confident in in a
technology like that. So perhaps uh in
in an area like that there's a stronger
argument for for being more restrictive
about what sort of uh research
collaborations the US does with with
other countries.
>> Yeah. But certainly an area where we've
we've heard many calls saying that
China's really not far behind when it
comes to quantum technologies as well
and the developments they're making. But
talk to us then about the the shifts in
in who China chooses to partner with
because this has been really notable out
of your study as well. countries like
Bellarus, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia,
they're climbing the leaderboards here.
What does that actually mean in ter in
in in the longer term?
>> Yeah, I mean well uh it it's it's uh
been mentioned by by David already, but
uh it is important to emphasize that the
research collaboration by sheer volumes,
it is still predominantly with with the
US and its allies. And I think it's
important not to uh not to forget that,
but but the uh the the direction the
trajectory is changing. Um so in in the
case of for instance Pakistan um if we
go back to 2005 there at least in in our
data set of of over 7 million uh
publications in in our 74 critical
technologies we we see that there was
very little uh collaboration between
Pakistan and China in 2005 at least at
least in the unclassified domain. Um we
do know that China and Pakistan uh have
have worked together um on on for
instance uh Pakistan's nuclear program
before that but at least uh in in the
public domain uh there appears to have
been very little collaboration between
the two countries going back to 2005. If
we jump forward to 2024, um we see that
Pakistan uh in in the research
collaboration intensity metric that that
the report goes through uh we see that
China and Pakistan actually have the
seventh strongest research collaboration
partnership um with Pakistan having
overtaken Japan for that place for that
position in 2019.
uh in terms of why this is I mean
obviously it it has a lot to do with
specific uh factors in each bilateral
relationship that China has but as a as
a general point um we can say that
science diplomacy has has historically
been quite an important part of China's
diplomatic outreach um if you look at
for instance the uh the uh agreements
that China signed with with multiple
western countries uh soon after
relations were normalized a lot of those
uh initial agreements did have a
particular particularly strong focus on
on science and technology cooperation.
Uh if we drill into the specific case of
Pakistan, uh we can see that research
from the two countries uh sorry the two
countries have have in recent years
signed a number of research agreements
to to deepen cooperation in areas like
quantum technologies, space
technologies, AI, um nuclear
technologies and and I guess what's what
what our report shows is that these uh
these agreements are actually
translating into to real tangible
research um which uh is is quite
significant
>> Stephen. So as a final question question
sorry plural the it I don't know is is
the decline in US China specifically
how reflective is that and I don't know
how to phrase this but very very simply
how reflective is that that China's
simply gotten better at stuff
>> that they won't need what used to be the
frontier the United States on many of
the other fronts right and I think we've
answered who's filled the gap as far as
the U the China
uh others are concerned. But with China
stepping back from the US, who is the US
now dealing more with?
>> Yeah, that that's another really good
question. And I think there's there's a
lot of truth in that that um it if if we
go back to 2005, there there uh was a
bit of a sense that it it was uh from
the US perspective that it it was a
win-win to to uplift uh China's
technological capability. Um so in that
sense it it wasn't uh you know it wasn't
necessarily an act of uh the US trying
to to support China's development. The
the US got plenty out of that
arrangement as well. But in the the two
decades since uh you're right the the
quality of Chinese science has has
improved dramatically and uh it's
probably true that there there is a
feeling that uh if if Chinese
researchers want to do cutting edge
science they don't necessarily need to
be um going to their counterparts in the
US anymore. they they can actually do
that a lot more um themselves. Uh I
think in terms of uh who the US is is
collaborating more with. Um so this this
report so much is has uh our work so far
has has largely focused on on China's
collaborations. But I think that that's
an excellent question and it's very much
uh where we're hoping to take this um
this research is is looking not just at
the the US China collaboration but how
US is collaborating with the EU with
Australia and and kind of all of the the
global research network um and how
that's evolved over the past 20 years.
>> Yeah, bifocation I guess moving into a
new new domain. That was Stephan Robin
there joining us data scientists at the
Australian Strategic Policy Institute.
We appreciate your time this morning.
And if you're a subscriber and you want
to rewatch that interview, you can via
our interactive TV function. That's TV
go. We'll have more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
We're getting more context now on what
was a story that broke at the top of the
hour, but Thailand's military is saying
that it launched air strikes along its
border with Cambodia. That's after
clashes killed one Thai soldier and
injured four. Let's bring in our
managing editor Jill Dus who has the
latest. So Jill, of course, this is a
longstanding uh border clash, but but
tensions have certainly risen this year.
So what does this mean the weekend
events?
>> Yes, really. And this is um just really
over the last, you know, month or so,
we've seen tensions sort of to escalate
again. What Thailand's saying in this
particular case over the weekend is that
they conducted these air uh strikes in
effort to um sort of uh sort of in in
accordance with international law trying
to assert their own national
sovereignty. They're claiming that it
was um Cambodia that actually fired over
the border. We've seen some back and
forth accusations between these two just
even over this past weekend um sort of
leading to these border clashes. I think
what this is really telling you, Belle,
is that these tensions aren't going
away. This is something that we've
really seen pick up particularly over
the last month particular. There was um
a landmine explosion incident about a
month ago that resulted in injuries to
two Thai soldiers. Um and so it's just
telling you that uh despite a lot of um
efforts to negotiate peace talks
including some led by US President
Donald Trump. This doesn't really seem
to be going away anytime soon.
>> Jill, thank you so much. Jesus is there
with the latest on Thailand certainly
one to watch as we go into uh the next
few hours or so. Uh just ahead here in
shows the latest out of India. Mass
cancellations
from Indigo. It's a big story to watch
in the next hour. We'll have more on
that story just ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
Well, Indian regulators have ordered the
CEO of Indigo to explain the severe
disruptions that have hit the country's
biggest airline in recent days. The
disruptions blamed on pilot shortages
began last Tuesday. For more, let's
bring in our Bloomberg transport
reporter, Danny Lee, who's with us. So,
Danny, this could actually end up having
some really serious fallout, it seems.
>> Yeah, let's just set the context of how
big Indigo is. It's one of the Asia's
biggest lowcost airlines. It has an
order book of almost a thousand aircraft
and nominally uh an order book worth
$120 billion US and it's one of the
world's most valuable airlines. So the
scale of which the disruption has faced
over the last several days you know
several thousand flights being cancelled
hundreds of thousands of passengers
disrupted you know across India. Uh it
has got the government involved wanting
to to to punish the airline and crack
down on on this poor planning. has
alleged that Indigo has has has happened
not planning for effectively uh changes
in regulation and this really has put
the the CEO on the line Peter Elbert the
former uh Dutch national carrier CEO of
KM. So he's under real pressure along
with his management team to try and
navigate out of this very tricky
situation and until today we are still
going to see several hundred flight
cancellations something that is not
going to get better for at least another
couple of days. So for stock investors
certainly this is something that we'll
be tracking today
some of the realistic worst case
scenarios over the short term for for
the company and the stock
>> I think for for investors to be watching
out for is whether there is going to be
a force management change and then the
question is who then takes over because
you have someone in the likes of Peter
Elbows who's so experienced now
internationally recognized and with the
kind of ambitions that Indigo has uh to
to be very global and with this order
book, you know, it really does threaten
the airline uh given what it has at
stake. And so I think for investors is
how quick quickly can Indigo get out of
this this very difficult situation, this
convulsion it has had and to try and
avoid uh any more repeat performances
because the government clearly angry and
the the the effect of its bottom line
with the the refunds it has to give out
to try and make passengers whole. This
is clearly going to have an impact for
the at least the next three to six
months. You could imagine on on its
bottom line and uh where does it go from
here in terms of whether it has to know
add more cost to it to its you know in
terms of uh you know getting more
management in and more staff in so
there's a lot of things here at stake
for Indigo over the coming period.
>> Has Indigo managed this in a way so far
that tells you it can actually avoid the
worst of it which I guess is a
management shift. I I think uh by having
a hard reset of its operations and we
saw last Friday almost half of its
operations uh daily operations. So we're
talking about thousand flights being
cancelled. It needed a hard reset. So
there are always very difficult things
you have to do as an airline. But you
know it PS on the problem you know when
you really do not want passengers travel
as we saw scenes at the airports across
India very angry passengers very
emotional scenes. I think for the
airline it's doing mostly publicity to
try and say it's getting out of it worst
situation but still with several hundred
flights being cancelled it just now
needs to uh get back to normal very
quickly before uh things take a turn you
know if there is indeed tech issues
weather issues that throws the
operations into chaos again
>> right Indigo stock to watch not a
Bloomberg function Danny Lee our
transport reporter there right just
before we wrap things up a look at some
of the movers we're tracking here across
these Chinese markets. Biotech stocks on
the down last we checked. There we go.
On the up rather uh that's really on the
back of this biosecure act that we
talked about almost $91 billion.
Financials are a key theme across these
markets changed page of brokerage stocks
separately insurers right those are two
separate stories really on the back of
policy pronouncements that could and are
leading to market reactions on the way
up. There's really a lot to unpack here
which I can we can talk about next time.
But as a market moving story that is the
most pronounced today. Brokerages are up
uh the most in several weeks. Lots more
ahead here on Bloomberg television.
Thank you for joining us today. We will
see you all tomorrow.